Certain buildings even some actions will prompt the player with a mini-game, for additional performance upgrades.
While the mini-games are optional, they are powerful and encouraged.
Each mini-game is designed to be infinite in nature, but grows more difficult with each round, ending when the player fails.
The difficulty can be lowered by selecting a highly skilled agent to perform the 'upgrade.'
The minigames can be played once per overmap turn, with no limit.
Failing does not degrade the quality.

==Resource Collection Buildings
Each round provides a 20% compounding resource quantity buff. (Ex, Three rounds would grant 72% more resources)

**Minigame
In the center is a Black box, Somewhere in the field is a single randomly placed invisible point.
You must attempt to click it within the field.
The closer to the pixel the higher your score(0-100).
Every second, a ring will pulse from your cursor, extending outwards until it collides with the desired point, helping the player find it.
You win by meeting a threshold of score from clicking, 70 base level.
A timer will apply pressure, automatically failing if time runs out.

*Difficulty Effects
Low difficulties will not have a timer.
Higher difficulties will lower the timer even more.
Higher difficulties will reduce the range at which you start earning points from clicking the pixel.
??? The delay at which the ring is released. (No longer than 1/3rd the timer for that round, The player must see two rings before it ends)
??? The rate at which the ring expands.



==Power Generation Buildings
Each round provides a 20% compounding power generation buff. (Ex, Three rounds would grant 72% more power)
This applies to all power plant types, from the lowly river turbine, to the zenthium enhanced uranium nuclear generator.

**Minigame
Various sliders will be present, each one with a specific point along their slide that is most optimal.
A percentage power readout(fluff) will display the current enhanced power, informing you of your enhancements.
A red percentage heat readout will display the current overheat risk, 100% overheat or 0% heat will cause an instant failure. (No damage to the plant, maybe)
Two sliders on the left will control the power output, two sliders on the right will control temperature.
The goal is to raise a specific amount of power without overheating or underheating before time runs out, by balancing and fine tuning the sliders.
The first slider for both sides changes the rate at which the power and heat modifier is applied.
The second slider for both sides changes the amount of power and heat that is applied.
The second slider for power also directly raises the heat.

*Difficulty Effects
Low difficulties will not have a timer.
Higher difficulties will lower the timer even more.
Higher difficulties will increase the rate at which the temperature is changed.
