Training is the primary method of character advancement. Agent's don't gain skills from slaying enemies, they gain them from rigerous 
and intense training.

Training speed and effectiveness is modified by various sources.
Agent's inspiration/discipline attribute is the base rate.
Agent's strength or intelligence modifies speed.
Training building affects speed and effectiveness, modified by S,R,D.
Training Method affects all the rest.
Finally, Extra methods via... 
equipment(training weights, maybe be ignored for training building)
zenthium infusion(Either equippable mods, ZenCrysts, or perhaps raw zenthium infusion multiplier)
Or Drive(grown from combat, upon seeing allies get injured or die) 


**Training Methods
-Excercises
This is the standard method of growth, visit a training building, spend time, grow attributes and skills.
-Study
This is available from Training Buildings that have been upgraded with libraries made by intelligent agents, or with access from the internet science project.
###This method will likely increase a growth multiplier, rather than the actual skill. Study for a time, then exercise with enhanced results.
-Mentor
While an agent is performing Exercises or Study, another agent can be assigned to them to help them train faster.
This is effective up until the student catches up to the mentor's level.
The rate at which the mentor is effective is based on the Friend/Rival scale. The more intense the relationship, the faster the growth.
Each training session procs their motives against one another, furthering the relationship.




Old;

*Training*
Individuals do not level up, randomly gain stats, or abilities.(Unless choosing a specific setting)
Instead, Individuals progress by training, which is accomplished by being assigned to a training facility at a base.
Once sent to a training facility, they begin spending time on the specific attribute or quality, and randomly
 gaining progress towards gaining a 'point' or ability.
The factors involved are...
-Time, How long until the following factors are checked and applied.
-Gain Chance, The chance of gaining progress towards 'completing' the training.
-Gain Amount, The amount of progress gained.
All of the above factors can be improved by Research, or simply the Individuals own stats/powers.

Training also causes fatique, draining their max stamina temporarily.
The Individual's attributes can make them more resistent to fatique, allowing longer training periods.