Power Generation
-Solar
-Wind
-Combustion
-Nuclear
-Raw Zenthium

Raw Zenthium Power Generators can be built pretty early into civilization and can produce massive amounts of power, however 
they are big, vunerable, and dangerous.
They are made of two seperate overworld building types, with at least 8 buildings needing to be constructed for operation.
They generate power in bursts, typically twice a day. Once at high noon, and once at midnight, and they slowly emit their immense power.
The types are Collectors, and Emitters.

-Collectors are the simplist, You must construct a 2x2 array of Collectors, location isn't as important as emitters.
The collectors consume a small amount of Zenthium per output charge.

-Emitters, four to be exact, require a lot of planning.
The further they are constructed from the collectors, the more power and efficency they possess... and they must be
built with perfect four way symmetry.
Each emitter must have the same relative distance and offset as the others when the positions are flipped.
Example:
XXXXXXXX
XEXXXXEX
XXXXXXXX
XXXOOXXX
XXXOOXXX
XXXXXXXX
XEXXXXEX
XXXXXXXX

or

XXEXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXE
XXXOOXXX
XXXOOXXX
EXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXEXX

Both are acceptable, as are many other positions and distances. They must simply be the same when flipped in any way.

-Activation and Dangers
Once the device activates, the emitters spend the next hour beaming Zenthium focused energy towards the emitters, slightly offset to 
create a circular disk of energy above the collectors.
If any of the emitters breaks or fails to operate while the disk of energy is being charged, it will cause an explosion in the radius
  of half the distance from the emitters to the collectors.
Additionally, due to distance amplifying power generation and effiency, there is a danger in the simple fact that protecting all 
   four emitters at once can be an issue, and makes for a potent sabotage target, even with the small emitter window.

Finally, if the disk of power is fully activated, the emitters shut off and are not of importance until noon/midnight again.
The disk of power peacefully generates the desired power while being activated and while persisting the rest of the day.
If a collector is destroyed while the disk of power is present, it simply dissipates. The danger lies in the unstable nature of the 
  emitters charging the disk, not the disk once stable.

Assuming nothing happens to the emitters or collectors, the Raw Zenthium Power Generator provides power all day and night, even during activation peroids.
It consumes a large dose of Zenthium per activation, but only a trivial amount to maintain throughout the day.


